Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-a-graphic-interface-csci-4526-6626
<br>
5/5 - (1 vote)

1 Goals&#xf; To experience using Unicode to make the kind of graphics display we used to use beforeneveryone had color graphics screens.&#xf; To integrate a text-based graphics viewer, written by someone else, into the application.&#xf; To use an abstract class.&#xf; To achieve a working application that can play a Game of sudoku with you.2 The Viewer InterfaceAs part of this project, I am supplying a Unicode-character graphics implementation of a Sudoku-Board viewer. This viewer is built from several classes { you need to download all of them and put them (verbatim) into your project. Do not change anything. Then just compile and run normally.The classes are:&#xf; CanView: an abstract class. Include its header le in your Board.hpp.&#xf; Viewer: renders the sudoku Board in a readable manner. Include Viewer.hpp in yourGame.hpp.&#xf; Canvas, GridChar, and MixedChar: three classes that are used by Viewer. Include both code and header les in your project. You do not need to do anything else about these classes or with these classes. You can use them without understanding them, or look inside to learn about Unicode-8.Using the Viewer. Derive your Board class from the abstract class CanView. In your Game class, you must rst instantiate the Board, then instantiate the Viewer, giving it a reference to the Board: Viewer fancyView(9, 9, myBoard). To display the Board, call fancyView.show(cout);Trouble. Please report right away if you have any of these kinds of trouble.&#xf; You can’t compile your project with this package included.&#xf; The screen does not show a nice-looking Sudoku board. Be sure your screen font size is small enough to show a whole row on one line.&#xf; You have trouble getting the Unicode to work at all. In Linux, you have to tell your shell that you are using Unicode.3 Testing and SubmissionTry using the menu to make some moves on the Board that you constructed from the original input le. Test both meaningful and illegal moves.